# Important note addressing the issues

- Saff, dude. It genuinely hurt for you to call me manipulative and mentally draining, especially considering none of my other friends have ever viewed me that way. During the entire friendship, I was actively defending you, and I feel so stupid for doing so now. I tried to lift you up, give you advice, help you when you said you felt like you were a "drama magnet". Whether you want to acknowledge this or not, I was there for you. I defended you. PLEASE don't complain that I wasn't "giving affection back" or reciprocating anything. I have. I've shown affection to you through drawing things for you and supporting you because that's the way I feel most  comfortable showing it. And if I was ever somehow "mentally draining", I would've much rather preferred you actually talk to me about it instead of randomly exploding on me and calling me manipulative and all that bull. You are so, SO disgustingly quick to call me manipulative and draining when all I ever did was go out of my way to help you and support you in and freaking way that I could. It's actually so freaking disrespectful of you to blame me for being "manipulative" too, when I said I didn't want to interact with you anymore because you're friends with Soap now. Am I not allowed to have boundaries now? Just last month you couldnt stop talking about how much you hated Soap for everything he'd done, and now you're becoming friends with him after he actively harmed you? And if anything, YOU'RE manipulative, Saff. Sorry to say, but the entire time I was friends with you, I felt like I was stepping on eggshells. You're projecting your behavior onto me, because YOU were emotionally draining. Even in the last texts you sent, in less than 10 minutes you went from "Don't leave me i need you" to "you're so manipulative and messed up in the head". That's actually exhausting to deal with. If I'm apparently mentally draining, you could kill someone with how draining you've been. You refuse to actually own up to any of your actions, won't talk about how you feel and blow up in someone's face when they surprisingly CAN'T READ YOUR MIND? You kept coming to me wondering why you're a 'drama magnet'? Saff, it's because of YOU. The reason why drama follows you wherever you go isn't because of other people, it's because of YOU. YOU are the problem, and I don't care how mean this sounds because it's true. You're telling me to look in the mirror? Oh, I did. I actually change my possibly 'rude' behavior, and I take constructive criticism and better myself. You can't take criticism. You say you'll change, say you're sorry, and you proceed to do the same thing over and over again. I literally opened up to my other friends not even involved in the drama, and they said the same thing I did. YOU are the problem. Not me, not Vinny, not Skully. Not any of your ex friends. You only blame any one of us because it's the easiest, especially Vinny and Skully. You blame them because you know other people have biases against them. That if you blame them, it's easy to get away with things because you told others its their fault and not yours. News flash: it IS your fault. You ARE the problem. The reason why problems follow you everywhere you go is because you are literally a walking ticking time bomb. I, again, walk on eggshells constantly around you. If I don't say something good enough or in a way you want me to, you get mad. And you complain about me being dry occasionally, which is honestly the least important thing in the whole situation, but yeah, sometimes people will be dry. Yeah, sometimes I AM dry, and I can actually acknowledge that. Mentally, I'm not always the best. I'm autistic, you know that. I have anxiety and you know that. Both can easily trigger shutdowns and such. You're dry too, don't act like you sometimes aren't. All this to say, I'm tired of glazing over things and acting like they never happened. You complain about drama following you everywhere because you're the personification of drama, manipulation, and having to walk on eggshells. And don't only bring up Vinny and Skully for scapegoating reasons. It's childish and pathetic. Grow up.
- 
